+++
title = "Home"
menu = "main"
name = "Home"
weight = 1
subheading = "Welcome to Autorepair"
subsubheading = "We help more than 45 years serving customer car 22"
intro = "Back in 1989, when extent of the dreams of many car owners here in the Latvia was Ford Sierra, Opel Ascona or VW Golf 2, one teenager decided to repair the engine of his motorbike on his own. Of course, this engine after the “repair” never started up, but exactly this failure influenced the choice of future profession for this teenager. In 1995, after the graduation of a training college he obtained profession of mechanic, and his will to prove to himself that he can afford repair works of the highest level, motivated him to establish the firm which already 20 years do the diagnosis, repair work and service of very complicated part of the car — automatic transmission system! The result was the firm VITTRANS!"
tab1 = "Our mission"
tab1Content = "More than 20 years we are doing the diagnosis, repair works and services of the automatic transmission systems of all kind of levels and for all car models. We can do this in both cases — when we receive the car or just transmission system part. Our motto: We will resurrect transmission system of your car! During 20 years we proved this to more than 25 000 clients. Our main principle – to be honest. Our working place reflects our attitude."
tab2 = "Our viewpoint"
tab2Content = "CVT, DSG, POWERSHIFT, S-TRONIC by structure principally differs from the “classical” transmission systems. Therefore, it creates problem for many car-repair shops. But in our firm first of all, the main work being done exactly with this kind of transmission systems. In our days “classical” transmission systems, especially in new cars, becomes more and more complicated, too because they are equipped with more complicated electronic systems. Therefore, we are paying constant attention to our diagnostical equipment and we are regularly educating our experts and other workers. In addition to the repair services for mechanical and hydraulic parts of transmission systems, we have wide range of possibilities of repair or computer programming for electronical parts of transmission systems."
tab3 = "Our advice"
tab3Content = "Repair works of the automatic transmission systems remains costly. Therefore, before You leave Your car in some car-repair shop, make sure that workers to whom You will trust your “Pet” (the car), really have a reputation of professionals. We do not want to say that we are the best in our field. Here in the Latvia You can find several high-level firms. But sadly, here exists those who only think that they are able to make repair of automatic transmission systems. But in this complicated field it is important to have great experience, resources and sense of responsibility. Remember, there is big difference between ability to express themselves skillfully by phone and excellent work – often it is not the same. So, if you find in internet somebody who claims that there will be no problems to help you, think: what confirm personally to you that you will not have any regrets later on? We are confident that the best commercial advertisement is the recommendation from those who got the needed repair work for the car."
+++
